What's your "I left you alone for 5 seconds" story?

My sophomore year of college. Had my own place. My friends from back home come up to visit one weekend. We were about to have dinner when another set of friends come to the door. Everyone is inside mingling. I remembered I forgot something in my car, so I walk out to grab it and walk in. I walk in and they’re all doing coke off of the kitchen table..

I was at auction, me and my friend both put in a large amount of money because we recently sold our company, well I went to the washroom, I come back to see my friend with a brand new horse!.

I was playing with my dog and then stopped to go to the bathroom. I was in the bathroom for maybe 30 seconds. I opened the door to doggy diarrhea all over the floor. I guess he took a bathroom break too..

When we were still children me and my friends were building a fort in the woods. We had plenty of tools and supplies but somehow forgot to bring nails. So a friend of mine and I went back to my house and got some... 

Only remembering halfways back that the two of us are the only responsible people in our group of friends.

When we got back there the smallest of the three remaining friends has been duct taped to a tree in 2 meters/ 6'7" height and the ladder was nowhere to be found. We were gone for what must've been 5 minutes..

I was doing an on-site 96 strand fiber splice. Had been there for hours, was near done.

Boss comes by, tells me to go grab my lunch, he'll take over while I eat.

I come back, and every splice he had done was wrong. Blue was spliced to green, yellow spliced to white, etc. Because it was a tight splice case, this meant I was going to have to recut the fiber and start over. My whole day just shot.

When I got back to the office and explained the situation, my other boss says, *"Why the hell did you let Bob splice? He's colorblind!"*.

Not 5 seconds but regardless.... 
I looked forward to both my kids being old enough to sit in front of the tv alone for 10 minutes for years. After many "fake attempts" to see if they could last 10 minutes, without destruction or injuries occuring, I decided to actually take a shower. 
I heard my oldest say "you're gonna be in SO much trouble when mommy gets out of the bathroom" and my anxiety flew through the roof. I stumbled out of the shower, threw on my housecoat and walked down the hall. From the hall I could see my oldest sitting on the couch watching my youngest jump on the floor. For a moment I thought I raced out of the shower for nothing but then I saw liquid splash up into the air as he landed his jump, on the carpet. I walked further into the room and found 10 empty 1L apple juice containers littered on the carpet. 
My child poured 10 litres of apple juice on our carpet so he could puddle jump like the kid in the show.  10 freaking litres! 
 A heafty financial investment  (for a carpet cleaner) and a couple days of cleaning and I finally had it clean..

I walked out of the room to get my son's lunch together. No more than five minutes. I come back and our dog has chewed a library book. Doesn't seems so bad, except that I'm a librarian. One of the first things I was thinking (obviously being hyperbolic) was, "Shit, I wonder if they'll take my degree away for this.".

My puppy knocked over the little divider gate, dragged the blanket off the bed, and took a dump in the dead center of his newly formed fabric nest..

Okay, so I was babysitting my niece and I turned my back to get a snack. She was on the kitchen counter tasting salt from the cabinet. I am living with a demon..

This was actually recently, my husband is so dang clumsy. I love him but the man is a walking hazard. 

We typically start decorating the house for Christmas right after thanksgiving and i try to handle a majority of our glass decorations or ornaments myself since, well, i can't trust him lol. We started by assembling our mantle and adding our holiday touches throughout the house before we started the tree. Now, this year we opted for a real tree since we've always used or had a fake one. I started to set up the stand/ string lights and since i hadn't really let him help with much i gave him the task of setting up the tree and we'd both do the ornaments. I went back out to the garage to get the last box of decorations and find him standing in the living room, lights wrapped around his ankles and all our mantle decorations plus the tree on the FLOOR and his face beat red. I'm still unsure how he manged to cause such a mess but hey, i love the guy nonetheless.

I was at Lowes with my 3 year old daughter walking through the bathroom fixtures.  We were looking to get a new faucet.  While my wife and I were discussing the specifics, my daughter was amusing herself in my periphery.  

Suddenly, I got that dreaded alert that only parents know--the sound of silence.  As I spun around, I realized my daught, whom we were potty training, was trying to take advantage of the display model toilets!

Luckily, we didn't have to clean up a mess!.

I didn't know my young toddler could climb on the chairs, let alone get to the table yet (she could barely walk at that point).

I went barely out of sight for long enough to pour water into a cup and came back to her standing on the table, waving a knife around with maniacal glee..

All our friends were gathered in my one friend's dorm, and we asked if his roommate wanted join to get dinner. He was sitting as his computer and said no thanks; he had some work to do.

We got **fewer than 10 steps** down the hall, and my friend realized he forgot his keys. We went back and opened the door, and the roommate was fully naked and voraciously dancing. It had been literally no more than 15 seconds.

Later he told me he was timing how quickly he could get out of this clothes once the door closed..

Chilling with pet rat in bed, next to roommate’s cat. Now I know you *think* you know where this is going, but I assure you, it’s worse.

Cat is old lady who has had a few litters of kittens when she was younger. She thinks this rat is an ugly, ill-behaved kitten, basically? So sometimes she sits on him and tries to nurse him, and lets him climb on her. They get along pretty well.

I leave for a moment and come back, cat’s off the bed, giving me a weird look, and rat is nowhere to be found. 

Long story short, old lady cat let slip a turd and ran away from her mistake, and the rat found the turd and ran under the covers with his prize to eat it. He’s just eating up this poop nugget like it’s Halloween candy and getting it all over the sheets and covers. That was a long laundry day..

I let two little boys in my class go to the bathroom and they were gone for awhile. When I went to check on them, it turned out they had a peeing contest. There's a small window near the urinals, and they had a competition about who could reach it first with their pee stream. When the younger boy lost, he got back at the other kid by peeing on the kid's sneakers. So the other kid pushed him into a dirty urinal and he sat on a urinal soap and mashed it into his pants. 

I badly wanted to take a shower all day after pulling them apart..

I was feeding my guinea pigs and when I went to the kitchen to get their veg, as i had just given them hay. 

Our boy managed to leap out of the cage into the hay bag, which was nowhere near the cage. 

When I returned he was just happily *munch munch munch* oh hello mummy *munch munch munch*

Edit: thank you for the cake day wishes. More people have wished me a happy cake day on reddit than irl. 

Not sure how I feel about that.

We were going somewhere as a family so we all left and got in the car. Except I forgot something and came back inside. My chihuahua was ON the kitchen table eating our food. I didn't even know she could get on the table! We both stood there frozen looking at each other until I told her to get off the table. I put the rest of the food away before leaving..

I was watching YouTube with my $250 headphones to go get a nice glass of milk and left my door open (which I rarely do) and return at most 1 minute later to find my dog (still the cutest thing ever) had gone and ripped my wire into 3 pieces, dropped a glass that was by my computer and when I went down and yelled at her she Knocked my computer off my desk in the process destroying my motherboard!.

You know those Christmas calendar, where you get one piece of chocolate every day until Christmas? well, I had a babysitting job and I went to go change this little baby's diaper. When I get back to the living room, the brother ate all of his chocolates. He had chocolate all over his face..

my mother left the house for 1 minute to get milk came home to find a naked 4 year old running aroung the house screaming "I POOPED MY PANTS I POOPED MY PANTS!!!!"while he was throwing the poop around the house. i was my mothers favourite from then on out.

My female best friend in uni was kind of a nymphomaniac.

We were supposed to finish a homework with the help of my childhood friend. My female friend came over while I was playing LoL with my childhood friend. I went upstairs to get my bag from my room and when I returned to them I saw my childhood friend deep balls in my classmate.

I couldn't utter anything except "this is not normal."

I returned to my room and waited for them to finish their deed..

Not me, a former employee.  She was working on a document review a while ago.  It was on the basement floor in a pop up location.  Card tables with computers on them.  She went to a doctors appointment and came back about 3 hours later.  Apparently, the case settled in the meantime.  She left with a room full of 50 people working on computers.  She came back 3 hours later to her backpack just sitting in the middle of a giant empty room.  She said she truly questioned whether she had imagined the entire project..

I left my dog alone for 5 seconds to go pee and I came back to find her with a full loaf of tiger bread in her mouth.

I was sitting on my son's bed while he was getting his jammies on, which consists of completely stripping down and changing everything because he likes fresh underwear. He was taking his time and lying on his back with his feet by his head, for some reason. He's 5, kids are weird. I'm looking anywhere else basically, checking my schedule for the next day on my phone.Look back and his little brother is "hugging" him, resting his forehead on his big brother's anus. Who he had just been running around the house with, so it was a sweaty anus. And he was between bath nights, so even worse. Scrubbed little brother's face, told big bro to be faster with covering his butt from now on, today told their doctor about it. She just laughed..

When I was in the Marines, my Captain gave every Marine a Raider Bowie Knife.  He thanked us for all the hard work over the last few weeks and told us, "its exactly noon, enjoy your break".  

We went to our rooms which were only a few feet away and while in my room, a Navy Corpsman accidentally got stabbed in the thigh. I help him out of the room and there is my Captain, he sees the blood and looks at his watch.  "For fucksake, it's 12:05".

